Upgrade Hive to 4.x, Hadoop to 3.4.x and Java to 11/17/21 (#181)
HiveRunner/HiveRunner: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated `mockito-core` from `3.8.0` to `5.14.2`.
- Updated `mockito-junit-jupiter` from `3.8.0` to `5.14.2`.
- Updated `tez-common` from `0.9.1` to `0.10.4`.
- Updated `tez-mapreduce` from `0.9.1` to `0.10.4`.
- Updated `junit-jupiter` from `5.7.1` to `5.11.2`.
- Updated `junit-vintage-engine` from `5.7.1` to `5.11.2`.
- Added version `6.0.8` of `datanucleus-core`.
- Added version `6.0.3` of `datanucleus-api-jdo`.
- Added version `6.0.8` of `datanucleus-rdbms`.
- Added version `1.3` of `javax.transaction-api`.
- Added version `6.1.14` of `spring-jdbc`.
- Added version `10.15.2.0` of `derby`.
- Added version `10.15.2.0` of `derbytools`.
- Added version `5.6.2` of `kryo`.
- Added version `4.9.3` of `antlr4-runtime`.
- Updated `maven-surefire-plugin` from `2.22.2` to `3.5.1`.
- Updated `maven-compiler-plugin` from `3.7.0` to `3.13.0`.
- Updated `maven-jar-plugin` from `3.2.0` to `3.4.2`.
- Updated `maven-release-plugin` from `3.0.0-M1` to `3.1.1`.
- Updated `nexus-staging-maven-plugin` from `1.6.8` to `1.7.0`.
- Updated `maven-source-plugin` from `3.2.0` to `3.3.1`.
- Updated `maven-javadoc-plugin` from `3.2.0` to `3.10.1`.
- Updated `maven-gpg-plugin` from `1.6` to `3.2.7`.

> - Removed com.google.common.base.Predicates in HiveRunnerExtension/StandaloneHiveRunner as it is no longer using in a new version of reflections library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `com.google.common.base.Predicates` in `HiveRunnerExtension`/`StandaloneHiveRunner` as it is no longer using in a new version of reflections library.
```

> - Updated HiveConf property names in StandaloneHiveServerContext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `HiveConf` property names in `StandaloneHiveServerContext`.
```

> - Set METASTORE_VALIDATE_CONSTRAINTS, METASTORE_VALIDATE_COLUMNS, METASTORE_VALIDATE_TABLES properties to false in StandaloneHiveServerContext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `METASTORE_VALIDATE_CONSTRAINTS`, `METASTORE_VALIDATE_COLUMNS`, `METASTORE_VALIDATE_TABLES` properties to false in `StandaloneHiveServerContext`.
```

> - Added missing Hive & Datanucleus properties in StandaloneHiveServerContext so now the framework works on a new hive dependency versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added missing Hive & Datanucleus properties in StandaloneHiveServerContext so now the framework works with new Hive dependency versions.
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [6.2.0] - 2024-10-16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [TBD
```
We don't know the version or the date yet, this will be filled in when we're ready to do a release.

### Changed

> - Updated all dependency versions for hive, hadoop, datanucleus, reflections, guava, tez, mockito, junit and added them in pom.xml <properties> section

Reviewer: Can you please put the "before" and "after" values like we do in the lines below - "Update foo from `1.2.3` to `2.5.0`" for example.

Author: Done

> - Updated all maven plugin versions

Reviewer: You can leave this without specifying the version or just remove it completely us the end users of HiveRunner shouldn't need to care about what Maven plugins were used to build it.

> - Adjusted code for Java21 and removed Guava Optional from the code

Reviewer: Maybe be more specific with what was changed for Java 11 and put the Guava Optional change on its own line.

Author: done

> - Changed Hive property names in StandaloneHiveServerContext

Reviewer: Is it useful for the end users to know which ones were changed?

Author: No...names are the same..they just added "_"

- Added missing Hive & Datanucleus properties in StandaloneHiveServerContext so now the framework works on a new hive dependency versions

> - Fixed unit tests

Reviewer: This is a given for every release, you don't need to mention it.

Author: ok
